{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf140
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The diamond top of our design is comprised of 4 equal length pieces of wood.\'a0To allow this critical piece to be able to open and close, we screwed on a hinge between two of the pieces of wood. This allows the angle between the two pieces to range between 90 and 180 degrees so it can fully open to allow the hose to go through.\'a0 After screwing on that hinge, we screwed on a hinge back plate on top of the connection of the two pieces of wood to ensure that the two pieces of wood stay on the same plane.\'a0 After connecting the first two pieces of wood, we screwed on the connecting two pieces of wood to the first two with hinge back plates.\'a0 This way, the angles between the next two pieces of wood stay at 90 degrees and don\'92t change.\'a0 To connect the last two pieces of wood together, we screwed on a magnet to one of the pieces of wood and a piece of metal to the other side.\'a0 The magnetic attraction causes the diamond frame to close and be opened with a small pull.\'a0 Similar to connecting the first two pieces of wood together, we added a hinge back plate on top of the two pieces to ensure that the two pieces stay on the same plane.\'a0\
\'a0\
Once our diamond frame was done, we began to add the rollers to allow for a hose to slide through with minimal friction.\'a0 By doing this, we collected and cut four equal pieces of PVC pipe.\'a0 Also, we collected four rollers, two large rods, two washers, and three 90 degree hinge back plates.\'a0 Since the top two rollers on the wood pieces are not significant for the prototype, we screwed in those PVC pipes to the inside of the frame for a visual representation of our final project.\'a0 Yet for the bottom two PVC pipes, we put rollers into each side of the pipe and slid a large rode through first a 90 degree hinge black plate and then through the PVC pipe and rollers.\'a0 This way, we could screw in the bottom two PVC pipes to the inside of the frame and still allow the two pipes to move freely.\'a0\
\'a0\
From Goodwill, we bought a three legged tripod that needed to be modified.\'a0We took the tripod apart and cut the three legs to ensure the tripod is low to the ground to prevent the tripod from tipping over from the forces of the hose.\'a0 For the top of the tripod, we cute three equal lengths of wood and screwed them into place so that their shape was a square without the top side.\'a0 Then, we screwed those three pieces of wood into the tripod so it was one system and the three pieces of wood could move all the way around(be spun).\'a0 Now that we contained the base and frame of our prototype, we needed a way to connect the two.\'a0 Therefore, we set the frame on the base and drilled two holes on opposite sides from the base going into the frame.\'a0 With these two holes, we were able to place two large nails into the holes so that the frame could stay connected to the base while also being able to move forward and backward.\'a0 Therefore, our prototype had the capability to move on both axis allowing for the frame to move freely if a hose were to be pulled through.\'a0\
\'a0\
While our prototype was an overall success, it contains several drawbacks that aid in our development for our final product.\'a0 For instance, since the open square base is connected to the frame only half way up to the mid-line of the frame, the frame is top heavy.\'a0 Therefore, the frame is always tilted forward.\'a0 Also, on our prototype, the top two PVC pipes are screwed in, so they do not roll freely.\'a0 Plus, since our frame is too large compared to the 2\'92\'92 diameter of the hose, the hose would only touch the bottom two rollers anyways.\'a0 Similarly, the legs of our tripod are too long to sustain the large forces caused by the fire hose.\'a0 As a result, we plan on amending these issues to allow for a successful final product.}